All right we're about to start implementing our easy to instances and we're going to start by creating
a key pair for our easy two instances.
But before we do that let's check out the current structure of our code to see where we can place our
easy to her weighted methods and functions.
And if we go to our RE PC class as you can see this class is mostly about.
And actually all of them are about subnets we PCs route tables Internet gateways and basically everything
about PCs and their resources.
So it's not going to be best to put those methods about easy to inside this class so we better have
our own class for easy to management.
So to do that I'm going to create a easy two class so I'll just go here.
And I'm going to say a python file and I'm just simply going to say easy to and within that class I'm
going to name this class as easy to write and of course as we usually do with our implementations Regarding
like easy to PC and everything we're going to have the initialiser method that we have to pass in to
our client so that we can use it as an actual Bothell three client for interacting with a W-S.
So just going to go down here and I'm going to define an initialize or method.
So and as you can remember our initialiser method is expecting a both or three Colline that we can inject
to our Python source code.
So I'm going to say South underscore client is going to be the client that I'm passing in.
All right.
And the other thing that we're going to do is we're going to allow PI both of 3 to autocomplete capabilities
within our pièce arm ID and how are doing that.
We were simply doing that by this interpreter argument.
So we're simply saying type and both all three and then easy to just like that.
So this is going to help us autocomplete capabilities within our code when we try to lounge easy to
methods and easy to parameters.
So let's go down here and let's focus on what we're actually going to do in this video.
So we're going to create a key pair.
All right.
So to create that I'm simply starting to implement my method as create Key Pair and I'm going to think
about the arguments later on because since I have to check out the client first and see what's offering
it to me and then I'm going to decide on the arguments and everything I need to pass into this method
afterward.
So let's just try to return the Create keeper method the actual Bothell three method and I'm going to
say create keep here and as you can see are also complete with PI both of three is working as expected.
And I'm saying create Key Pair and except from the dry run method.
Grier an argument actually only the thing that I have to provide is the key name the actual name but
I want to have to recreate it.
So for a key name argument I'm simply saying that key name is key.
Underscore a name.
So I'm going to pass this end with my method and here we go.
We have our key name ready to be created on AWOS and to have a signifying thing before we create our
key name actual key pair.
Let's just say creating a key pair let's just separate those with name and key name just like that.
All right.
So the other thing that we're going to do is of course we're going to have to call this method to actually
have our key pair created.
So let's go back to our test deployment class and do that there.
And I'm just going to go down here and open up some lines so that you can clearly see what I'm doing
here.
And let's just say this section is about easy two instances and I'm just going to put a line for a comment
there and I'm just going to say create a key pair.
All right.
And as you can see now we have a separate class for easy to we were until now we were using the VPC
class that we injected are both a three client within that.
So this time we're going to have to inject our easy to or both or three collide within the two class.
So once we pass our client in this method in this class to class we're going to be able to use the easy
to functionality just like we did with the PC class.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to simply say easy two equals easy.
And of course we're going to have to import the C to class first.
So let's just do that now.
An easy two and easy two.
All right.
And this easy to class is going to help my client for the PC and let's take out the name for that clan.
And as you can see it is easy to client.
So let's just pass in the easy to client and here we go.
We're ready to interact with our easy to collide on the AWOS resources.
So what I'm going to do now is to create a key pair and let's just move this declaration up top and
we can be clear about what we're going to do and what your intentions are.
So I'm just going to say create key pair and for the name of that key player and is going to have a
string argument right here.
Keep your name as both the three key pair just like that.
Whoops.
And here we go let's just pass it.
They keep their name.
And here we go.
And of course we want to keep the response of the key player creation.
That's only because the key pair creation response has the actual key pair returning from a WS.
And this is quite important if you're creating your key pairs from your code.
You're not doing them manually you're going to have to keep them because otherwise you won't be able
to access your easy to instances unless you have the key pair.
If you happen to lose your key pair you simply say goodbye to your easy to instance because there is
no way around to access that easy to instance after that.
So be careful to keep those key pairs returning from AWOS calls and after giving you this important
information actual Paramount informant paramount important information.
Let's just keep the response from you to keep their creation.
And let's just say keep pair and response.
And here we go.
So this is going to how are key pair created and returned to us with them.
The key player response so let's just print out.
We have our key pair created and actually to see our key paired data actual key pair actual Pamphile
that we're going to use Let's print the content of our response so that we can catch that data for our
key pair and maybe use that to connect to our easy two instances.
So let's just say create that key pair
with name and of course they keep their name and then let's just say the response.
And of course the response is going to be again a dictionary.
So let's just wrap it up with string object and then let's just say key pair response just like that.
So this is all we need to have our key player created on a W-S to move one with our implementation.
I'll be seeing you on the next video.